Update region-modal.mdx (#1429)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/components/organisms/region-modal.mdx

---
title: "RegionModal"
excerpt: This component is a modal with some region configurations.
sidebar_custom_props:
  image: https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/Button___6d6b16886d5d7e2a05dba8c45c075796.png
components:
  - RegionModal.tsx
---

> `RegionModal` provides a modal for selecting and configuring region-specific options. It is built on top of the [Modal](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/molecules-modal) component. The component is a part of the [Regionalization](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/feature-regionalization) feature.

Author: ```suggestion
`RegionModal` is part of the [Regionalization](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/feature-regionalization) feature and provides a modal interface for selecting and configuring region-specific options. It extends the functionality of the [Modal](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/molecules-modal) component, making it adaptable for region-related settings within your FastStore application.
```
